1000plus Day of Service (1000plus) ::: 1000plus is a Carnegie Mellon Day of Service. 1000plus will be held on Saturday, March 29th, 2014.
5th Year Scholar Program ::: The Fifth Year Scholar program provides a small number of exceptional students the opportunity to remain on campus for one full year after graduating to pursue a broadened educational experience while contributing to the Carnegie Mellon community.
AB Coffeehouse ::: A permanent committee whose purpose is to provide medium-priced musical entertainment for the campus community as a whole at subsidized prices.
AB Comedy ::: A permanent committee whose purpose is to provide the campus community with comedy shows during the school year.
AB Concerts ::: A permanent committee whose purpose is to provide musical entertainment for the campus community as a whole at subsidized prices.
AB Films ::: AB Films is a sub-committee of the Activities Board. Films provides weekly showings of movies in McConomy Auditorium in the University Center.
AB Lectures ::: A permanent committee whose purpose is to bring speakers of a variety of backgrounds to campus.
AB Political Speakers ::: A permanent committee whose purpose is to provide the campus with speakers focusing on political topics.
AB Publications (readme) :::  readme  is a satire and events newsletter published by AB Publications on a weekly to fortnightly basis. AB Publications, part of the Activities Board, is a permanent committee that provides campus with helpful, amusing publications throughout the year.
AB Skibo ::: A permanent committee whose purpose is to provide musical entertainment for the campus community as a whole in the skibo restaurant.
AB Special Events ::: A permanent committee whose purpose is to provide the campus community with various novelty events throughout the year.
AB Tech ::: Providing 'Fly-by-Night Sound and Light' Since 1973!
AB Underground ::: Concerts in the Underground
AC Mellon Men's Soccer Team ::: AC Mellon is the men's club soccer team. The team plays against other colleges within our region.
ACE: Advancing College Essays (ACE) ::: Founded in 2014. Mentoring high school students through the college essay process. 
ACM@CMU ::: Founded in 2010
Activities Board (AB) ::: The Activities Board of Carnegie Mellon University coordinates a wide variety of events to entertain, educate, and enrich the lives of the campus community.
Activities Fair ::: Activities Fair occurs at the beginning of fall and spring semesters and is designed to serve as an opportunity for all recognized student organizations to showcase their activities and events, while recruiting membership.
Actuarial Club ::: Founded in 2007, the CMU Actuarial Club is dedicated to spreading awareness of the actuary profession, educating aspiring actuaries about the career, and developing professional and social networks.
Agape Christian Ministry ::: Founded in 1996
All University Orchestra ::: Founded in 1997
ALLIES ::: Founded in 2000
Alpha Chi Omega  ::: Together Let Us Seek the Heights.
Alpha Epsilon Pi  (AEPi) ::: The Alpha Kappa chapter of the Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity at Carnegie Mellon UniversityFor more information, please visit our website at http://www.aepiak.org/
Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc.  ::: This organization has not yet updated their description.
Alpha Kappa Delta Phi  ::: Timeless Friendship Through Sisterhood
Alpha Kappa Psi Professional Business Fraternity (Alpha Kappa Psi) ::: Alpha Kappa Psi is the nation's oldest and largest co-ed business fraternity. Here at Carnegie Mellon, the Omega Psi chapter has established itself as a leading student organization, consistently attracting the best and brightest minds on campus.
Alpha Phi ::: When you join Alpha Phi, you join a worldwide network of more than 150 collegiate chapters, 140 alumnae chapters and 200,000 sisters!  Membership in Alpha Phi opens the door to new and exciting opportunities during college and beyond. 
Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc.  ::: This organization has not yet updated their description.
Alpha Phi Omega ::: Forever in Leadership, Friendship and Service.Founded in 1929, the Kappa Chapter of Alpha Phi Omega is the only co-ed service oriented fraternity at Carnegie Mellon.
Alpha Sigma Phi ::: Alpha Sigma Phi (   ) is a new Greek-letter fraternity in the Interfraternity Council (IFC) for Fall 2014. Click the "Read More.." link below for additional details.
Alternative Break (AltBreak) ::: Alternative Break is an organization which endeavors to provide service-learning experiences to the Carnegie Mellon community via student trips.
American Association for Aerosol Research ::: Founded in 2007, the CMU student chapter of AAAR aims to raise awareness of air quality and climate change. 
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) ::: Founded in 2011
American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) ::: Founded in 1852, ASCE represents more than 144,000 members of the civil engineering profession worldwide, and is America s oldest national engineering society. ASCE s vision is to position engineers as global leaders building a better quality of life.
American Society of Mechanical Engineers ::: Founded in 2000
Amnesty International ::: Amnesty International is an international human rights awareness and activist group dedicated to promoting human rights for all in the United States and Abroad. Check out our website for more information.
Apex ::: Since 2012
Arab Student Organization ::: Founded in 2007
Archery Club ::: A community of archers and people interested in trying archery. Open to all skill levels. No matter the amount of your archery experience, join us for a fun time of shooting and learning. 
Armenian Student Association ::: Founded in 2000
Arts Pass Program (Arts Pass) ::: Visit the all the wonderful museums that Pittsburgh has to offer for FREE with your CMU ID!
Asian American and Pacific Islander Graduate Student Caucus (AAPI GSC) ::: Founded in 2011
Asian Christian Fellowship ::: Founded in 2000
Asian Student Leadership Conferences (ASLC) ::: Asian Student Leadership Conferences (ASLC) was officially founded in 2011 after separating from the Asian Student Association (ASA) a few years prior.
Asian Students Association (ASA) ::: Founded in 1990, the Asian Students Association serves as the largest Asian culture affinity group at Carnegie Mellon. Our goal is to spread awareness of the cultural diversity within the Asian community.
Astronomy Club (AstroC) ::: Founded in 1969. Dedicated to promoting amateur astronomy in and around campus.
Atheists, Humanists, Agnostics (Aha!) ::: Atheists, Humanists, Agnostics (Aha!) is a group designed to allow freedom of expression for the non-faith community and those that believe one needn't have religion to be a good person.
Awareness of Roots in Chinese Culture (ARCC) ::: Founded in 1997
Badminton Club ::: Founded in 2001
Ballroom Dance Club (CMUBDC) ::: Our main goal is to bring ballroom dancing to the Pittsburgh community through offering lessons, representing CMU at collegiate and national dance competitions, and performing at various events. Both students and non-students are welcome to join!
Baseball Club ::: The Baseball Club allows students to partake in competitive baseball in both the Fall and Spring semesters.
Bhangra in the Burgh ::: The Bhangra in the Burgh Executive Committee of Carnegie Mellon University is proud to present our eighth annual Bhangra competition on November 1, 2014 at Soldiers and Sailors Memorial. 
Bible Center Fellowship ::: Formerly known as Impact Movement, Bible Center Fellowship is a Christian Campus Fellowship seeking to bring the truth of Jesus Christ to students in Pittsburgh. We are under the oversight of Bible Center Church.
Big Straw Magazine (Big Straw) ::: Big Straw is an Asian American interest magazine open to anyone! Our main goal is to empower students to express their ideas and creativity, to voice their concerns and to have a meaningful exchange of ideas about Asian-American culture and identities.
Black Graduate Students Organization (BGSO) ::: Acting as the nucleus and sustaining center for Black graduate students across Carnegie Mellon's campus. 
Budaya (Malaysian Students' Organization) ::: Founded in 2000
Capoeira Club ::: Capoeira club promotes the practice and training of capoeira, a Brazilian martial art that combines music, song, dance, acrobatics and martial arts.
Carnegie Alliance of Traditional and Social Dance (CATS Dance!) ::: We get together for contra dances, french dance, and other traditional social dances. Beginners welcome!
Carnegie Clan ::: Founded in 2004
Carnegie Involvement Association (CIA) ::: Founded in 1970, CIA was the first independent (non-Greek) organization to win Sweepstakes, or Buggy. Open to all members of the student body, CIA's objective is to strike the right balance between performing well and having a blast!
Carnegie Mellon Golf Club ::: The Carnegie Mellon Golf Club provides students with an athletic, social, and non-competitive environment to not only play the game of golf but to learn its values and understand the professional importance of the sport.
Carnegie Mellon Men's Lacrosse ::: Founded in 1990
Carnegie Mellon Raasta (CMU Raasta) ::: CMU Raasta is the official competitive garba-raas team of Carnegie Mellon University.
Carnegie Mellon Rocket Command ::: We design, build, and test model rockets. Designed for beginners, experienced flyers and anyone inbetween.
Carnegie Mellon Solar Racing (CMSR) ::: Carnegie Mellon Solar Racing (CMSR) is an undergraduate engineering organization dedicated to the promotion and use of solar energy. CMSR researches, designs, & engineers all aspects of a solar-electric boat and competes in Solar races around the world.
Carnegie Mellon University Math Club ::: We do math! Come check us out at club.math.cmu.edu.
Carnegie Mellon University Origami Club (CMU-OC) ::: We strive to show the artistic and technical potential of paper.
Carnegie Mellon University Student Veterans and Family Association (CMU Vets) ::: The CMU Student Veterans and Family Association (SVFA) is a collection of affiliates of Carnegie Mellon University who share a common thread of military service as well as those who support veterans within the campus community. 
Carnegie Mellon University United Nations Children's Fund (CMU UNICEF) ::: Founded in 2011, CMU UNICEF aims to raise awareness about UNICEF's lifesaving programs for children around the world. We have established four committees, each providing a unique way to get involved: education, fundraising, marketing and special events.
Carnegie Tech Radio Club (W3VC Carnegie Tech Radio Club) ::: W3VC Carnegie Tech Radio Club is Carnegie Mellon University's one and only amateur radio club.  Founded in 1914 for almost 100 years we have catered to interests in all technological fields.  Come check us out!
Catholic Newman Club ::: Founded in 1995, intending to bring Catholic students together for fellowship, prayer and the sacraments. 
CCO Delta Ministries (CCO Delta) ::: Founded in 2007, formerly known as For the Love of God
Chabad of CMU ::: Chabad of CMU is your connection to the Jewish pulse of Carnegie Mellon University.  Chabad is the place for shabbat dinners, on campus kosher meals with friends, and spending time with friend enjoying the Jewish atmosphere, and much more.
Chess Club ::: Founded in 2006We provide weekly meetings for chess enthusiasts of all levels and have study sessions to improve our play.  We also support teams in the Pittsburgh Chess League, where team matches are played one Sunday every month.
Chinese Student Association (CSA) ::: Founded in 2007
Chinese Students and Scholars Association ::: Founded in 1996, the Chinese Student and Scholar Association in Carnegie Mellon University (CMU-CSSA) is a student organization of more than 1000 members, most of whom are with Chinese heritage.
Christians on Campus ::: Founded in 2010
Circle K ::: Founded in 1995
CMU Aerial Arts ::: Aerials are a unique way of getting people active as well as comfortable and confident in their own bodies through the use of circus style acrobatics equipment.
CMU Bhangra ::: The purpose of CMU Bhangra is to provide opportunity and instruction for aspiring dancers while promoting the art of Bhangra, a Punjabi folk dance.
CMU Board Game Club ::: CMU Board Game Club -- We Play Games.  We provide a setting for people to get together to play board and card games.  From short 40-minute games to 10-hour monsters.  Anybody is welcome!
CMU Brain & Mind Club (Brain & Mind Club) ::: The CMU Brain & Mind Club aims to promote excitement about the brain and mind among students from all majors across the university.
CMU Cricket Club ::: Founded in 2008
CMU eSports (CeS) ::: CMU eSports is centered around cultivating CMU's competitive gaming scene. Divisions include StarCraft 2, League of Legends, Dota 2, and general Fighting games but we're always open to new divisions. Contact us!
CMU Explorers Club ::: The CMU Explorers Club is a student run organization dedicated to bringing together people with an interest in the outdoors since 1959. 
CMU Fishing Club ::: To promote fishing within CMU
CMU in Haiti ::: CMU in Haiti is an organization that will engage Carnegie Mellon students to learn about, raise money for and travel to Haiti to foster a stronger sense of global community. 
CMU Pool Club ::: Founded in 2009
CMU Quidditch Club (The Carnegie Mellon Marauders) ::: The Carnegie Mellon Quidditch team is one of over two hundred such Muggle Quidditch teams across the world. Comprised of equal parts rugby, dodgeball, and handball, this sport is truly unlike any you've ever played before, and tons more geeky to boot.
CMU Red Cross ::: The American Red Cross prevents and alleviates human suffering in the face of emergencies by mobilizing the power of volunteers and the generosity of donors.
CMU Resident Assistants and Community Advisors (CMU RAs & CAs) ::: This page is specifically for RAs and CAs to view information pertaining to the unique role they have on campus and to continue their development as students and RAs.
CMU Speech and Debate ::: CMU Speech and Debate is intent on enabling every CMU student to improve their speaking skills and to assemble a team to compete in regional and national speech and debate tournaments.
CMU Sport Taekwondo Club ::: Founded in 2010
CMU Tennis Club (Tennis Club) ::: We are part of Carnegie Mellon's Club Sports program. We are a student run organization whose primary aim is to represent Carnegie Mellon University at competitive tennis events.
CMU Turntable Crew (CTC) ::: Founded in 2004
CMUBronies ::: The purpose of this club is to celebrate the show My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic and to celebrate and be a part of the culture surrounding it.
cmuTV ::: CMU's video production superheroes
College Democrats ::: Founded in 2011
Colleges Against Cancer (CAC) ::: As the student arm of the American Cancer Society, we focus on advocacy, cancer education, survivorship, and Relay For Life, a 12 hour event raising money for cancer research and patient services. Join us in supporting this great cause!
Committee on Student Organizations (CoSO) ::: Founded in 2005
Computer Club ::: The Computer Club offers the opportunity to tinker with unique hardware, promote open source development and use, and hack on interesting programming projects, while offering a variety of useful services to the campus community. Visit us at cmucc.org!
Cosplay@CMU ::: Cosplay@CMU was created to unite those interested in the art of cosplay. The club offers resources, workshops, cosplay-related events and gatherings to foster a community for cosplayers to learn and grow together.
Council of Religious Advisors (CoRA) ::: Council of Religious Advisors (CoRA) is a body of religious and lay leaders organized around supporting and encouraging religious and spiritual life within the campus community. 
Counterpoint ::: All-female a cappella. We rock the purple flair!
Cycling Club (Tartan Cycling) ::: Founded in 2000
Dancers' Symposium (DS) ::: Founded in 1995
Deewane A Cappella ::: Founded in 2007
Delta Delta Delta  ::: The purpose of Delta Delta Delta shall be to establish a perpetual bond of friendship among its members, to develop a stronger and more womanly character, to broaden the moral and intellectual life, and to assist its members in every possible way.
Delta Gamma  ::: for hope. for strength. for life.
Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc.  ::: This organization has not yet updated their description.
Delta Tau Delta  ::: Delta Tau Delta is a values-based organization. Our mission and values are offered to the public as a representation of the core values contained in our Ritual. All Delt men live by a common mission: "Committed to Lives of Excellence."
Delta Upsilon  ::: Building Better Men @ Carnegie Mellon University -||-Promoting friendship,Developing character,Diffusing culture,Advancing justice.
Department of Athletics, Physical Education and Recreation (Athletics Department) ::: The Athletics Department facilitates participation in recreation, intramurals, club sports and NCAA Division III intercollegiate athletic competition.
Doctors of Carnegie Society ::: The purpose of the Doctors of Carnegie is to provide students with information and opportunities related to the health professions and professional school application process and to be of beneficial service to our campus community. 
East End Youth Project (EEYP) ::: East End Youth Project is a tutoring service organization that tutors local elementary and middle school students.
Emergency Medical Service (CMU EMS) ::: Carnegie Mellon EMS is a student-run, state-recognized Basic Life Support service that provides 24/7 emergency medical response to the CMU campus in conjunction with CMU Police. CMU EMS also offers classes in CPR, First Aid, and EMT certification.
Emerging Leaders (E.L.) ::: For spring semester first-year students who want to focus on self-exploration and discovery of personal values and goals.
Enactus (formerly Students in Free Enterprise) (formerly SIFE) ::: Founded in 2000
Energy Club ::: We aim to advance club members' awareness of current energy issues, technologies, research on campus, and industry practices. We host student, faculty, and industry speakers, and also make site visits to learn about real world practices. 
Engineers Without Borders (EWB) ::: The Carnegie Mellon Chapter of EWB-USA seeks to better our members, our university, and our world by implementing socially and environmentally sustainable engineering projects in partnership with our community and developing communities around the world.
Environment@CMU (Sustainability ) ::: Environmental innovation is an integral part of Carnegie Mellon's culture, curriculum and practice.  In demonstration of this commitment, Carnegie Mellon formed the Steinbrenner Institute for Environmental Education and Research in 2004.
Facilitating Opportunities for Refugee Growth and Empowerment (FORGE) ::: We partner students with a local refugee family to build a friendship over weekly in-home mentoring. Additionally, we organize on-campus educational and awareness events relating to refugee and migrant issues.
Fellowship of Christian Athletes (FCA) ::: The Tartan Athlete Fellowship is a student group looking to explore the role athletics play in our Christian faith and how our Christian faith affects the way we compete, play and live.
Fencing Club ::: Learn and practice the fun sport of fencing with our club!
Filmmaking Club (Film Club) ::: Comprised of artists, writers, and actors, the CMU Film Club continues a fifteen year tradition of unifying dozens of undergraduates who share a common interest in filmmaking.
Financial Frontline Society (FFS) ::: FFS offers a forum for news discussion to all CMU students interested in finance. By acquiring a substantial amount of knowledge of the business world, students learn more about real-world finance, better preparing them for interviews and jobs.
FIRST Pittsburgh Alumni Association ::: We exist to encourage participation and volunteering with FIRST Robotics programs among students from Carnegie Mellon and other Pittsburgh universities, and to support the region's FIRST programs and teams.
Foosball Club ::: We are the Foosball Club of Carnegie Mellon University. The purpose of this club is to increase the awareness of competitive foosball on campus and encourage play amongst our members.
Fraternity and Sorority Life (F&S Life) ::: Fraternity and Sorority Life at Carnegie Mellon offers exceptional opportunities for involvement and personal growth through the rich tradition of Greek letter organizations. 
Fringe ::: Fringe is an independent social organization at Carnegie Mellon University. We participate in booth, buggy, intramural sports and a wide variety of social events.
Game Creation Society ::: We welcome students from all backgrounds in getting together to make awesome video games.All levels of experience are welcome; all we require is that you love games and think making them would be cool. Check us out @ www.gamecreation.org!
Global Business Brigade (GBB) ::: Global Business Brigade provides business consulting and strategic counseling to support under-resourced micro-enterprises in developing countries.
Global Medical Brigades ::: The goal of Carnegie Mellon Global Medical Brigades is to help provide free, sustainable healthcare and health education to underserved communities in Central America and Africa. 
Global Public Health Brigade (GPHB) ::: Our goal as a Global Public Health Brigade chapter at Carnegie Mellon is to provide sustainable infrastructure as well as  health education to underserved communities in Central America and Africa. 
Graduate Biomedical Engineering Society (GBMES) ::: Founded in 2005, the Graduate Biomedical Engineering Society (GBMES) serves to bring knowledge and networking opportunities in the field of biomedical engineering both at Carnegie Mellon University and in the professional community to its members.
Graduate Student Assembly ::: www.cmu.edu/gsa  - GSA broadly represents the interests of graduate students at CMU.  We serve as a bridge between students and the administration, organize social and community events, and manage graduate student activities fees.  
Grappling Club ::: Founded in 2000, the CMU Grappling club teaches students the fundamentals of jiu jitsu and wrestling. The club meets on Mondays and Thursdays from 8pm until 930pm. Students of all skill levels are welcome!
Greek Advisory Board (GAB) ::: Founded in 2000, the Greek Advisory Board aims to stimulate philanthropic & community service efforts for the bettermnet of the Greek community, Carnegie Mellon campus community, and the Pittsburgh community. 
Greek Fest ::: Greek Fest will be Friday October 11, 2013, from 4:30pm-7:30pm on the CFA Lawn.  Activities will include an inflatable obstacle course, live bands, CMU record breaking of human pyramid and thumb wrestling.  Free BBQ as well!!
Greek Leadership Program (GLP) ::: The Greek Leadership Program or the GLP is a four-level leadership program that offered to fraternity and sorority members that focuses on four main facets: emerging leadership, group leadership, values based leadership and servant based leadership.
Habitat for Humanity (Habitat) ::: Founded in 2000, CMU's Habitat for Humanity chapter leads domestic winter and spring break trips, as well as local Saturday trips, to help fulfill Habitat International's goal of providing low-cost housing to those in need.
HELP (Bridge Help) ::: This page is designed to provide help with The Bridge. You'll find phone numbers and links to resources on this site. 
Her Campus ::: The purpose of the Her Campus CMU organization is to provide an online hub for CMU s women by providing content that is both a resource and a source of entertainment, highlighting campus news, events, interesting students, faculty, alumni, campus photos,
Hillel Jewish Students Association ::: Hillel JSA is a CMU student organization that serves the Jewish community of Carnegie Mellon University and the Pittsburgh region by providing for the advancement of Jewish life on campus. All Jewish Students are welcome, regardless of denomination.
Hong Kong Student Association (HKSA) ::: Founded in 2000.
Humanist League (CMUHL) ::: The Humanist League is dedicated to bettering the human condition through reason and compassion. We are an inclusive, values-based community of humanists.
Ice Hockey ::: The CMU Ice Hockey Team was founded in 1908, and is still going strong to this day. We consistently have a full roster, and we have made it to the playoffs for the past 5 years straight. We are always looking for new players of all abilities. Contact us!
IMPAQT  (Initiating Meaningful Pittsburgh and Qatar Ties) ::: The purpose of IMPAQT is to develop strategies and initiatives to best leverage the relationship between the Pittsburgh and Qatar Carnegie Mellon campuses toward enhancing student life and the student experience on both.  
Independent Musicians Organization (IMO) ::: Independent Musicians Organization strives not only to benefit musicians from all majors at CMU, but also to positively impact the community. IMO will help students connect to other musicians, promote their work, improve their musical collaboration skill
Indian Graduate Student Association (IGSA) ::: Founded in 2003, the Indian Graduate Student Association serves as a uniting forum for students, initiated by graduate Indian students on campus
Indonesian Students at CMU (PERMIAS CMU) ::: Founded in 2010
Inter A Cappella Council (IAC) ::: The Inter A Cappella Council is composed all 6 a cappella groups at Carnegie Mellon (Counterpoint, Deewane, Joyful Noise, The Originals, Soundbytes, and Treblemakers). 
Inter-Fellowship Association (IFA) ::: Founded in 2011
Interfraternal Council  (IFC) ::: Believing that the sum is greater than the parts, the IFC is formed to advocate on behalf of its member fraternities and to perpetuate the advancement of the fraternal movement at Carnegie Mellon University.
International Freestylers (IFS) ::: Founded in 2003, the purpose of iFS is to allow students of the Carnegie Mellon Univerity community to share their interest and knowledge of dance, particularly dances pertaining to but not limited to those within the international hip-hop culture. 
International Justice Mission (IJM) ::: IJM is a human rights agency that rescues victims of slavery, sexual exploitation and other forms of violent oppression. Our campus mission is to bring awareness about issues of social justice/human rights and raise funds for IJM to support their work
International Relations Organization ::: Founded in 2003
International Student Union (ISU) ::: Founded in 1992
InterVarsity Christian Fellowship ::: Transform your life. Renew the campus. Change the world.
Intramural Sports (IM Sports) ::: Intramural Sports provide recreational sport leagues and events for students and faculty/staff.
Israel on Campus (IOC) ::: Founded in 2002, IOC is dedicated to increasing the awareness of Israeli culture on campus and giving Israeli students opportunities to come together.
Japanese Cooking Club ::: Founded in 2010
Japanese Student Association (JSA) ::: Dedicated in representing Japan and its rich culture and traditions... we look forward to seeing you at our events! Yoroshiku!
Jewish Graduate Student Association (JGSA) ::: JGSA works to meet the needs of Jewish graduate students as well as other graduate students interested in the Jewish culture and/or religion.
Joint Funding Committee (JFC) ::: Founded in 1995
Joyful Noise ::: Joyful noise is CMU's Christian a cappella group on campus.
Juntos ::: Juntos is a cross-cultural service organization. We create long-term ties with a small community in Nicaragua and Pittsburgh by developing and implementing sustainable initiatives in Pittsburgh and Nicaragua related to art and education. 
Kappa Alpha Psi ::: Kappa Alpha Psi (   ) is a Greek-letter fraternity that is a part of our National Pan Hellenic Council (NPHC). 
Kappa Alpha Theta  ::: Faith, hope, love - these three, but the greatest of these is love.Questions about Panhellenic Recruitment? Check out: https://www.studentaffairs.cmu.edu/student-life/greek/How%20to%20Join/PHC%20Recruitment.html
Kappa Kappa Gamma  ::: Aspire to Be 
Kappa Sigma  (Kappa Sig) ::: Stronger brothers, better men.
KGB ::: The KGB is a social club for geeks, nerds, artists, scientists, and all-around silly people. We have meetings and events every week, and we don't bite! Mostly.Founded in 1988 as the Booth counterpart to the CIA (Carnegie Involvement Association).
Kiltie Band ::: Founded in 1908, we're Carnegie Mellon's oldest student organization and premier marching/pep band. Open to all students, our goal is to give students an opportunity to pursue their musical interests. And not wear any pants.
Knowing and Understanding the Passion of Christ (KUPC) ::: Knowing and Understanding the Passion of Christ (KUPC)
Korean Student Association ::: Founded in 2000
Lambda Phi Epsilon  :::     Alpha Mu Chapter at Carnegie Mellon University was established March 24, 2002 as an Asian interest but not Asian exclusive fraternity. Our fraternity motto is: "To be leaders among men."
Lambda Sigma ::: Founded in 2000
Late Night  ::: Late Night events, hosted by student organizations and university departments, take place in or around the University Center between 10 p.m.-1 a.m. every Friday and Saturday night, offering fun, free activities for CMU students.
Latino/a Graduate Student Association (LGSA) ::: Founded in 2010, the Latino/a Graduate Student Association (LGSA) works to facilitate communication among the Latino community at CMU in order to foster academic, cultural, professional and social collaboration.
Liberty in North Korea ::: Founded in 2005
Life Matters ::: Founded in 2008, Life Matters is a secular, non-partisan organization existing to promote a Consistent Life Ethic. We host a number of events and meetings over the semester and welcome all to join in the discussion, whatever your opinions.
Lunar Gala (LG) ::: As the largest student-led collaboration of fashion, design, and dance, Lunar Gala is a fashion show you can't wait to see and an experience you'll never forget.
Lutheran Student Fellowship (LSF) ::: LSF is a multi-university Christian fellowship at First Trinity, an LCMS church that s a 10 min walk from campus (531 N Neville). We have Sunday lunch, Bible study with dinner & evening prayer, movie nights, retreats, & more. Non-Lutherans are welcome!
Lutheran Student Movement ::: Group of Lutheran students participating in Sunday worship and other fellowship events at the Lutheran University Center on Forbes Avenue between CMU and PItt.
Magic@CMU ::: Officially founded in 2010, CMU has been playing Magic: the Gathering since its inception. We foster casual and entry-level tournament play, as well as forming teams for higher level play. New players and players of all skill levels are welcome!
Masters of Flying Objects ::: CMU's premier organization for the practice and proliferation of juggling and other circus arts. Founded in 2006.
Mayur - South Asian Student Association (MayurSASA) ::: Mayur - South Asian Student Association strives to promote social, cultural, and philanthropic ideals throughout the South Asian general body.
Men's Ultimate Frisbee Club ::: This club represents members of the CMU Men's Ultimate teams.
Men's Volleyball Club ::: CMU's competitive men's club volleyball team. We travel and play in the POVL, and try our best to have a fun, successful season with the goal of qualifying for the NCVF championships.
Men's Water Polo Club ::: Founded in 2000
Minority Association of Pre-Health Students (MAPS) ::: MAPS at Carnegie Mellon University is a member of Region VIII of the Student National Medical Association (SNMA). We serve to provide students in further understanding of and exposure to health-related fields and preparing for medical & graduate school
Mixed Martial Arts Club (CMU MMA ) ::: Founded in 2011, CMU MMA gives students an opportunity to learn mixed martial arts. Practices are Sunday 2-4pm in Skibo Gym. All skill levels are welcome!
Mobilization of Resolute Feminists (MORF) ::: Mobilization of Resolute Feminists is a student run organization that provides educational programs, community services, support, and entertainment covering a broad range of issues affecting women. MORF is open to all who are interested in gender issues.
Mock Trial ::: Founded in 1995
Moneythink CMU ::: Moneythink expands economic opportunity in the United States by equipping urban youth to believe in themselves, navigate thefinancial decisions of adulthood, and achieve financial prosperity.
Mortarboard (MB) ::: Mortar Board is the premier national honor society recognizing college seniors for superior achievement in scholarship, leadership and service.  
Mosaic ::: A community-wide conference on gender.
Multicultural and Diversity Initiatives  ::: Carnegie Mellon acknowledges, celebrates and promotes the diverse experiences that each member of the campus brings to our community. In partnership with student organizations that promote multicultural awareness and understanding, the Division of Studen
Multicultural Greek Council  (MGC Council) ::: Multicultural Greek Council 
Multicultural Presidents Council (MPC) ::: Presidents of multicultural student organizations meet monthly to expand dialogue between multi cultural organizations, organize collaborative initiatives, learn about resources, and discuss needs and interests.
Muslim Student Association (MSA) ::: To address the religious, cultural, and social needs of Muslim students of Carnegie Mellon University, and to build awareness and familiarity with Islam, Islamic cultures, and Muslims through positive interactions with the CMU community.
National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE) ::: Founded in 1981, NSBE's mission is "to increase the number of culturally responsible Black Engineers who excel academically, succeed professionally and positively impact the community."
New Life Campus Fellowship (New Life) ::: Jesus invited people to follow Him. As a CMU community of Christ followers, we invite you to walk with us in the journey.We believe... "Christ's one act of righteousness brings a right relationship with God and New Life for everyone." (Romans 5:18 NLT).
No Parking Players (NPP) ::: Founded in 1994, CMU's premiere improv troupe on campus and part of Scotch 'n' Soda Theatre
Off the Top Improv Comedy Troupe (Off the Top) ::: Off the Top is an on-campus improvisational comedy troupe. The troupe practices and performs both long and short form improv. There are typically one or two practices a week and one or two shows a semester put on by the troupe.
Office of International Education (OIE) ::: The Office of International Education advocates for and facilitates international and cross-cultural experiences, perspectives and initiatives such as study abroad, as well provides support to international students, researchers and professors.
Office of the Dean of Student Affairs ::: The Office of the Dean provides central leadership of the metacurricular experience at Carnegie Mellon, including divisional strategic planning, coordination of student support and crisis intervention, and facilitation of divisional assessment. 
OM - An Organization for Indian Spirituality & Culture (OM) ::: The organization for Indian Spirituality & Culture, founded in 2000.
One in Four ::: Founded in 2008
Online Gaming Society (OGS) ::: Online Gaming Society (OGS) aims to bring gamers together in a fun and relaxed setting. We hold weekly on-campus LANs, themed events, and tournaments for popular games from League of Legends to Super Smash Brothers.Join our Facebook group for events!
Order of Omega  (OoO) ::: Order of Omega recognizes juniors and seniors who have exemplified high standards in the areas of scholarship, leadership, involvement within their respective organization and within the Greek, campus, and local community.
Orientation  ::: Carnegie Mellon's week-long Orientation will help you get to know CMU and Pittsburgh, meet new friends and have a great time doing it! We are so excited to welcome you to our Carnegie Mellon family!
Orientation Counselors ::: This page is for the HOCs and OCs to communicate important information to each other throughout Orientation.
Orphanage Outreach at CMU (Outreach360) ::: Annual spring break service trips to teach English to disadvantaged children in the Dominican Republic!
Panhellenic Council  ::: The Panhellenic Council is the governing body for the six Panhellenic sororities on campus.For more information about the council, and how to sign up for recruitment, click the "Read More" link below.
Partners Allied in Civic Engagement  (PACE) ::: PACE strives to create engaged citizens while fostering a lifelong commitment to civic engagement by embedding civic engagement in the student experience, developing intentional programming, and fostering reciprocal partnerships.
Persian Student Organization ::: Founded in 2000
Phi Delta Theta (Phi Delt) ::: http://phideltcmu.org/Phi Delta Theta PA Rho
Phi Kappa Phi (PKP) ::: Phi Kappa Phi is the nation's oldest, largest, and most selective collegiate honor society for all academic disciplines.
Photography Club at CMU (CMU Photo Club) ::: To provide the environment and resources for black and white film photography, development and printing in a dark room setting. To cultivate the general interest and knowledge in photography and film processes. Founded in 1990/re-established in 2013
Pi Kappa Alpha  ::: Pi Kappa Alpha is an international, secret, social fraternity. It was founded at Room 47 West Range at the University of Virginia, on March 1st, 1868.The Beta Sigma Chapter at Carnegie Mellon University was founded on Dec. 5th 1921. 
Pittsburgh Christian Campus Ministry (PCCM) ::: PCCM strives to help students live as followers of Jesus. We believe this begins by taking personal responsibility for our understanding of religion. We strive to make a lifestyle out of the study, training, and practice of Biblical teachings
Pittsburgh Connections  (Pgh Connections) ::: Pittsburgh Connections provides opportunities to engage in a wide variety of outdoor recreational activities located in the Pittsburgh/Western Pennsylvania region at a reduced cost.  Past trips have included: kayaking, hiking, caving, skiing, and more.
Pittsburgh Go Association ::: Founded in 2003
Pre-College ::: Pre-College is a 6-week summer residential program for High School students. Every summer, current CMU students may apply for residential Counselor/RA or Assistant Director/CA positions. This is an amazing leadership opportunity!
Project Smile (P.S.) ::: Project Smile is a organization that promotes happiness on campus by random acts of kindness. We go around campus leaving positive notes, bringing childhood back with temporary tattoos, stickers, candy, and crayons.
Project Sunshine ::: Project Sunshine strives to provide respite from the monotony of hospital life to children. The goal of this organization is to improve the lives of those we serve.
Public Communication for Researchers (PCR) ::: Public Communications for Researchers (PCR) is a professional development program for teaching graduate students how to talk to the public about their research and the nature of science.
Quiz Bowl ::: Quiz Bowl is an organization centered around academic competition. Our main activities are competing at collegiate quiz bowl tournaments throughout the year and hosting high school and collegiate tournaments. For more information, visit our website.
Racquetball Club ::: Founded in 2002, the Carnegie Mellon Racquetball Club serves its members by providing many different activities from club tournaments and off-campus tournaments, to racquetball clinics and socials. The club welcomes members of all skill level.
Rho Lambda  ::: Rho Lambda is the National Panhellenic Leadership Recognition Society. The Zeta Kappa Chapter at Carnegie Mellon University was founded in 2000.
Robotics Club (roboclub) ::: www.roboticsclub.orgWe are an undergraduate organization at Carnegie Mellon University that provides students with the resources to develop robots. 
Roller Hockey Club ::: Intercollegiate Roller Hockey Club
Romanian Students Association (RSA) ::: Founded in 2006
Rotaract Club ::: Founded in 2000
Rugby Football Club ::: Carnegie Mellon's Rugby Football Club competes under the National Small College Rugby Organization (NSCRO) in the Three Rivers Rugby Conference. It was founded in 2000 and reestablished in 2004.
SafeWalk ::: Founded in 1996
Saudi Students House ::: Founded in 2006
Sciences Teaching Club ::: Teaching will be an important component of our lives, whether it be in a lecture hall, class, lab, conference, bar, or world in general. Join us if you want to partake in or organize activities to develop your abilities as a teacher.
Scotch'n'Soda (sns) ::: Founded in 1938
ScottyLabs ::: ScottyLabs organizes educational events to help people learn how to make things, host events to give students the opportunity to work on projects outside of class, and develop applications and services for the campus community.
Senior Events  ::: This organization has not yet updated their description.
Senior Events '12-13 ::: To celebrate you and your contributions to Carnegie Mellon, the Senior Events Committee works diligently throughout the year to sponsor an exciting slate of events that afford Seniors the opportunity to mix and mingle with fellow classmates.
SGI-CMU ::: Based on the teachings and philosophy of Nichiren Daishonin, the Soka Gakkai International (SGI) is a lay Buddhist organization that seeks to promote the values of peace, culture and education. The practice of Buddhism exists for the happiness of all.
Shaolin Kung Fu Club ::: The CMU Northern Shaolin Kung Fu Club teaches and practices real traditional Chinese Kung Fu. We practice traditional forms as well as real life combat techniques and martial applications...
Shotokan Karate Club ::: Founded in 1980
Sigma Alpha Epsilon  ::: Carnegie Mellon's SAE chapter was founded on October 19th, 1919. The Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity seeks to uphold the ideals presented in it's creed, The True Gentleman. 
Sigma Chi  ::: The goal of the Sigma Chi Fraternity is to become the premier leadership organization on campus. Founded on the belief that all brothers should exemplify the ideals of friendship, justice, and learning, we strive daily to postively impact our community.
Sigma Nu  ::: To believe in the Life of Love, to walk in the Way of Honor, to serve in the Light of Truth -- This is the Life, the Way, and the Light of Sigma Nu -- This is the Creed of our Fraternity. Visit our website at www.cmusigmanu.org
Sigma Phi Epsilon  ::: Sigma Phi Epsilon is about finding the Balanced Man, one of Sound MInd, Sound Body, and Sound Spirit.  Please visit our website at www.sigepcmu.com
Sigma Tau Gamma  ::: Sigma Tau Gamma has a rich tradition at Carnegie Mellon University, with roots dating back to 1921. Sigma Tau Gamma was founded with the understanding that all men are social creatures and that friendships made in college days are lasting ones.
Singapore Students' Association ::: The Singapore Students' Association at Carnegie Mellon University is a student organization dedicated to fostering an understanding of Singapore culture among the CMU community, as well as promoting interaction amongst its members.
Ski & Snowboard Club ::: Welcome to CMU Ski and Snowboard. We will begin our weekly trips after 2014 winter activities fair. Join our fb group for more information: https://www.facebook.com/groups/468230423234
Ski and Snowboard Team ::: Founded in 2005
Smart Woman Securities (SWS) ::: Smart Woman Securities (SWS) is a not-for-profit organization focused on investment education for undergraduate women. 
Sneakerology ::: Sneakerology is an organization dedicated to celebrating the unique culture and extensive impact of sneakers both on campus and in our larger community. 
Society for Creative Anachronism (SCA) ::: The SCA is an international organization dedicated to researching and re-creating the arts and skills of pre-17th century Europe.
Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics Student Chapter (SIAM Student Chapter) ::: A student chapter of the international professional organization SIAM, that is focused on current mathematical research and its applications. 
Society of Asian Scientists and Engineers (SASE) ::: Founded in 2010, the CMU chapter of the Society of Asian Scientists and Engineers (SASE) is dedicated to the career and professional development of Asian heritage scientists and engineers. Membership is open to all students.
Society of Automotive Engineers (Carnegie Mellon Racing) ::: Design. Build. Test. Race. Founded 2000
Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers (SHPE) ::: Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers
Society of Learning Scientists  (SoLS) ::: We are interested in bringing together students from across the university who are interested in studying education and the learning sciences, whether this is with policy, research, teaching, etc. 
Society of Women Engineers ::: Society of Women Engineers
Soundbytes ::: Founded in 1996
Spanish And Latin Student Association (SALSA) ::: Founded in 2000
SPICMACAY ::: SPICMACAY at CMU promotes the rich Indian Classical Music and Culture among the CMU community through various student events, music concerts and dance recitals. All SPICMACAY events have free entry.
SPIRIT ::: Founded at CMU over a quarter of a century ago. It was first named the Black Student Organization, but members wanted a unique name that reflected the many different people who belonged to it. Thus, SPIRIT was formed. 
Spring Carnival Committee ::: Spring Carnival plans and organizes Carnegie Mellon's biggest event, a huge part of this campus' history.
Strong Women Strong Girls (SWSG) ::: The mission of Strong Women, Strong Girls is to utilize the lessons learned from strong women throughout history to encourage girls and young women to become strong women themselves.
Student Activities Office (Office of Student Activities ) ::: Student Activities complements students' academic experiences by providing services that engage students in creating campus culture through social, cultural, intellectual, spiritual, recreational, artistic, political,and service opportunities.
Student Body President (SBP) ::: Founded in 1905
Student Body Vice President for Finance (SBVPF) ::: Founded in 1905
Student Body Vice President for Organizations (SBVPO) ::: The Student Body Vice President for Organizations chairs the Committee on Student Organizations (CoSO) which oversees the recognition and re-recognition of student organizations on campus.
Student College ::: Founded in 2001, StuCo has classes taught by students in various topics typically not covered in standard collegiate courses (from learning video game basics to designing a sneaker). StuCo Executive Committee consists of students who run the college. 
Student Dormitory Council (SDC) (SDC) ::: The Student Dormitory Council (SDC) aims to improve the lives of residents at CMU by providing opportunities for residents to participate in events and activities through SDC, learn about residents around campus, and receive funding for their own events!
Student Life Office (SLO) ::: The Student Life Office (SLO) staff provides opportunities for student engagement within residential houses, Fraternities and Sororities, and a variety of programmatic areas.
Student Pugwash ::: We encourage scientists and students to discuss the ethics of scientific methodology, and the implications of the results.
Students for Deliberative Democracy (S4DD) ::: Students for Deliberative Democracy seeks to develop members' understanding and appreciation of deliberative democracy. Members will learn about the theory of deliberative democracy and then put the model to practice through participation.
Students for Science and Tech Policy ::: Get engaged in science and technology policy! Formerly known as Scientists and Engineers for America.
Study Abroad ::: Where in the world will your path take you?The study abroad staff of the Office of International Education (OIE) support Carnegie Mellon students to engage in study, work, or research abroad experiences.  
SUMMIT ::: Archery? Bhangra? Pottery Painting? Register for SUMMIT 2014 to partake in these activities and much much more!
Sustainable Earth ::: Founded in 2001
Sweepstakes ::: Founded in 1920, Buggy is a soap-box derby type race held annually during Carnegie Mellon's Spring Carnival in April and is unique to CMU.
Taiwanese Scholar Society ::: Founded in 2002
Taiwanese Students Association (TSA) ::: Carnegie Mellon's super awesome social, cultural and service oriented student organization full of super sweet and epic people. Find out what shenanigans we're up to here!
Tanah All Girls Dance Troupe (Tanah) ::: Tanah is an all girls South Asian competitive dance troupe. The unique thing about this troupe is that it is not limited to any dance style. We are a fusion troupe and welcome all styles. 
Tartan Parkour (Parkour) ::: This organization has not yet updated their description.
Tartan Swing ::: No Experience? No Partner? No Worries! Come out on a Thursday and dance with us! All ages, all experience levels welcome!
Tartans 4 Israel (T4I) ::: CMU's Undergraduate Israel Group
Tau Beta Pi ::: Tau Beta Pi is the oldest and most prestigious engineering honor society. To be eligible to become part of Tau Beta Pi, you have to be in the top 1/8th of your Junior CIT class or top 1/5th of your Senior CIT class.
TEDxCMU ::: Founded in 2011
Thai Students Association  (SIAM) ::: The Thai Students Association of Carnegie Mellon University. 
The Cut Magazine ::: Founded in 2007
The Frame ::: Founded in 1970s, The Frame is a student-run gallery space located at the intersection of Forbes Avenue and Margaret Morrison Street. The gallery is open to anyone who wants to display work created in art, music, design, and architecture. 
The Got Consent? Campaign (Got Consent?) ::: The main purpose of the Got Consent? Campaign is to act as the community outreach and activism branch of the Survivor Support Network. We hope to prevent sexual assault and relationship violence on campus!
The HUB ::: Carnegie Mellon's Student Service Center
The Oakland Review (The OR) ::: Founded in 1974
The Originals ::: Carnegie Mellon's premiere all-male a cappella group.
The Piper ::: The Piper is an official news source for the Carnegie Mellon community that publishes information about exciting and interesting things happening at the university   from groundbreaking discoveries and individual awards and honors, to campus events. 
The Tartan ::: The Tartan is a student-run newspaper serving the Carnegie Mellon University community, a student organization dedicated to informing students about affairs and opinions relevant to them, and a forum for opinions from the university community.
The Thistle ::: The Thistle was founded in 1905 in order to commemorate student life and activities on campus. 
The Triple Helix ::: Science in Society
Thomas M. Kerr Jr. Pre-Law Society (Pre-Law Society) ::: Founded in 2000
To Write Love On Her Arms (TWLOHA) ::: To Write Love on Her Arms (TWLOHA) is a non-profit movement dedicated to presenting hope and finding help for peoplestruggling with depression, addiction, mental illness, self-injury, and suicide. 
Treblemakers ::: The Treblemakers is a co-ed a cappella group formed to promote a supportive community for campus singers. We love to sing an eclectic range of music, and are always looking to spread music to the CMU community. 
Triangle Fraternity (Triangle) ::: Triangle is a social Greek Fraternity, founded in 1907, whose membership is major-specific for those men that are pursuing a degree in Engineering, Architecture, or Science fields. 
Tufaan - The Storm ::: Founded in 2011
Turkish Student Society ::: Founded in 2009
Undergraduate Entrepreneurship Association ::: Founded in 1998
Undergraduate Finance Association (UFA) ::: Founded in 2000
Undergraduate Marketing Organization (UMO) ::: Founded in 2004
Undergraduate Student Senate (Senate) ::: Founded in 1994
Unite for Sight ::: Founded in 2008, re-founded in 2013
University Health Services (Health Services) ::: University Health Services offers primary medical care, health promotion, and insurance services to students.
University Lecture Series (ULS) ::: A lecture series consisting of a wide variety of speakers on a broad range of topics throughout the year.
University Rowing Club ::: Founded in 1987
Vermillion Anime (Vermillion) ::: Founded in 2000, our purpose is to promote the appreciation of Japanese animation. 
Wall Street Club ::: The Carnegie Mellon Wall Street Club is an exclusive organization that provides resources for current undergraduate students to obtain summer internships and full-time opportunities on Wall Street 
Winter Gala  (WG) ::: Winter Gala, the ultimate Late Night event, occurs the first Friday after classes resume in the Spring semester. During Winter Gala, the entire University Center is utilized to create a full experience for students.
Women's Club Soccer ::: A competitive women's club soccer team aimed to promote camaraderie and wellness for CMU women.
Womens Club Softball ::: Founded in 2000
Women's Club Volleyball (WCV) ::: Club-level intercollegiate women's volleyball team
Women's Lacrosse ::: We are an intercollegiate lacrosse team that competes in the Women's Collegiate Lacrosse League mainly during the spring. All levels of ability and experience are welcome!
Women's Ultimate Frisbee Club (Money Mellons) ::: A Women's Ultimate Frisbee Club at Carnegie Mellon University
Women's Water Polo ::: Carnegie Mellon University Women's Water Polo Club
WRCT 88.3FM (WRCT) ::: WRCT: A Radio Station. Founded in 1949.
Wrestling Club ::: We provide a place on campus for learning and participating in folk-style and free-style wrestling.
Yang Jia Taijiquan ::: The Yangjia Taijiquan Club provides instruction in the traditional long form of Yang family style of Taichi. Club members learn the cultural history of this martial art and of China in general. Sparring applications are included.
Yarnivores ::: Founded in 2012, Yarnivores is an organization that allows knitters and crocheters on campus to meet and discuss projects or learn new skills. We teach yarn crafts, facilitate charitable crafting, and organize yarn crafting events on campus.
Young African Leaders Association (YALA) ::: Founded in 2007